Review to remove some wrong points (#7)
tc39/proposal-object-pick-or-omit: README.md

* It is not ergonomic!
* If we opt for the destructuring way it doesn't work at all for `pick`, or for `omit` with dynamic values.

So what props these methods have given us in comparison with destructuring?

* Destructuring cannot `clone` a new object while `Object.pick` can

> * We can specify which properties to pick or omit by a list of keys or a predict method, while destructuring cannot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We can specify which properties to pick or omit by a list of keys or a predicate method, while destructuring requires a hardcoded number of properties (altho their names can be dynamic)
```

* It is not ergonomic!
* If we opt for the destructuring way it doesn't work at all for `pick`, or for `omit` with dynamic values.
* Destructuring cannot `clone` a new object while `Object.pick` can
* Destructuring cannot `pick` up properties from the `prototype` while `Object.pick` can

> * Destructuring cannot `pick` properties dynamically, while `Object.pick` can

Reviewer: This point is correct - “dynamically” doesn’t mean a single property with a dynamic name, it means a list of 0 to N properties.

Author: It seems this is not a good place to compare `Object.{pick, omit}` with destructuring because here is a list of reasons why we can't implement a method ourselves.
